This is the first entry of this Obsidian journal. I have no idea whether I will be maintaining it or just forget about it. 

Idk why I am writing but I think just spamming the keyboard with words is a way of venting out in my own way. So whoever is reading this in the future dont expect me to maintain proper grammar or sentence structuring. I'll maybe write about my thoughts or just some things that are on my mind.

These pages don't and won't represent who I am as a person. Take it like a momentarily sharing a piece of my mind. I just hope I won't be sharing any explicit details about my life. 

Once again this journal is not serious, I just like the sound my typing on my HP Office keyboard . Lol!!

Today was a mehh day. The VLSI lab class was boring and shitty, we were supposed to do something called Layouts  - some internal design of the combined nmos and pmos setup. The TA blabbed on about it , no one did anything nor did they understand it. Rohan did some part but we'll have to come back again some time tomorrow.

I honestly am tired with how AGV peers are acting. I am worried about the juniors. I wanna ditch and focus on my own work but at this point I have invested too much time . Also I feel like its my commitment to fulfill. I won't be contacting sir though.

Also I have realised that I might have Imposter Syndrone, always having a sense of not belonging anywhere. Not the smart kids, not the cool kids. I am not sad or anything but there is always this FOMO that I might be regretting not having experienced certain things. Not sure if I will actually regret it or just years of traditional media's effect on my mind. 

It doesn't matter because I do have friends. Sure it might not coincide with the idea of success that I am being fed my the media but I should be happy. Why shouldn't I be content with what I have?

Maybe the problem is that we force ourselves to be content with what we have and in doing so we aren't able to actually do it. But what we should have been doing from the start is asking "why". 

why is it that I will be content when I get X or become Y. ??
Why can't I be content with who I am now?? 
- oh that is because I have these flaws which I need to fix.
Cool . I have flaws that need fixing but why should I be discontent about myself? I can be happy and still pursue whatever path I want to? Its a win-win . Why am I not doing it?

Is it because I think that unless I am miserable enough, I won't desire certain things and hence won't work towards them?? This just creates a toxic cycle(there was better word , not toxic)

You'll keep spiralling down. I don't mean that you can't  . You have full freedom to spiral down and that isn't something bad(tbh). You'll feel bad but doesn't make the event bad.

So if you want to be happy, then why not just be content with your current self and keep doing what you want to do on the side.?? Ofcourse its not something easy and what  I wrote probably doesn't even make sense. But does it even have to? Don't live life like I dicatate to you. Live your own life. 

But be content with your current state. Dare to improve, always but learn to be content. You improve to see more things, learn the world more, for we only have a finite time on this earth. We won't be able to see everything but we can be content with what we have and keep trying for newer things. Then there is no way for you to lose. It'll always be a WIN.

-- with love
Utsab